<Char1>
Drake McMannis
Age: 28

    Heir to a family fortune, Drake never worries about money, spending whatever 
he had on bling-bling, car rims and video games. 

   Having watched thousands of hours of war movies he took his knowledge of 
weaponry and put it to good use in the Army. He has a natural talent for 
anything weapons-related, and his accuracy is near-legendary among his peers. 
He even likes to splurge on pre-historic creatures like the Wooly Mammoth or 
the Sabertooth Tiger, so he can hunt them down with his diamond FutureBow 3K.

   After Drake made "Sexiest Creature Dead or Alive" for the 8th time, he had 
to find new challenges: he was abandoned on the moon naked with only a 
toothbrush.  Even that did not daunt him and he managed to return to earth a 
little thinner but still alive.  



<Char2>
Erik Kamisi 
Age: 35

    Being the eldest child, Erik had no choice but to follow in his father's 
footsteps. Unfortunately, his father was a miserable soldier and created havoc 
wherever he went. Once he went to the local shopping mall - and took his battle 
tank with him.

   Regardless, Erik is a man that can be trusted to maintain his cool, even in dire 
situations. He might not have many friends besides his collection of assault rifles, 
but he can get the job done.

   His son is also a simpleton, whose bicep measurements are much higher than 
his I.Q.. It's rumored he almost counted to 11 on one occasion. It was a shining 
achievement for the young man and today he's even running for Governor.



<Char3>
Julius Kriger
Age: 38

   After studying physics at Beijing University (the only university left standing 
after the first Chinese Weltkultur-Revolution), Dr. Kriger invented the famous 
'Laser-Tin-Opener DX', the only one that opens a cocktail fruit mix without 
leaving any sharp edges.  

   Later, the doctor discovered that with stronger batteries the can opener could 
be used to slice open enemy soldiers without leaving any life endangering sharp 
edges either.  

   Young, but mature beyond his years, Julius is a 
tremendous athlete and has a gift for weaponry.


<Char4>
Vincent 'Dove' St.Clair
Age: 18

   Vincent was raised in a Christian orphanage. Fond of McGayver on TV, who 
built a bomb with nothing more than fertilizer, a spoon and shoe lace, Vincent 
did the same and blew up his school. 

   Now forced to live a secret life hidden in an attic, the doves became his only 
friends - in every possible way you can imagine. He's suspected to have used 
the birds to send mail bombs to various enemies.  When Vincent grew up, he 
worked for YDeconstruction LTD, but because of his dyslexia, he often sent his 
bombs to the wrong addresses and was forced to flee the country.




<Char5>
Nina Rossow
Age: 28

   Being the only girl among 5 brothers, Nina quickly learned the pleasure of 
ordering around young men. But her family's reputation was anything but 
illustrious. Her great-great Grandfather Rossow, for example, lost 30 % of 
his skin when he tried to fry sausages with a flamethrower. 

   Nina had no choice but to join the military to restore the family honor.  
Extremely talented as a soldier, she quickly rose in rank and became her 
brothers' commanding officer.



<Char6>
Sammy Swearengen 
Age: 23

    Sammy is young, fast, and dangerous. She grew up in a tough neighborhood 
(Scottsdale, Arizona), went to a rough school (St. Joseph's Prepatory School), 
and hung out with a tough crowd (After School Bible Study). As a result, she's 
learned to maneuver herself with the grace of an athelete to avoid punishments 
meted out by angry nuns. 

   She's an expert at hand-to-hand combat, but when she fired her first ancient 
rifle, she was hooked and spent all of her free time at the range, eventually 
getting a job there and rising to owning it, all in the space of a few short years. 

   She'd been involved in being a hired gun when a shooter at her range noticed 
her ability, and she's always proven reliable, solid, and accurate, as long as 
a gun is in her hands; remove it and she loses all of her focus. 


<Char7>
Jennifer Williams
Age: 32

   A previous commander of New York City's SWAT teams and experienced 
anti-terrorist operative, Jennifer has taken part in 32 "New American Century" 
operations spanning five continents. 

   She's smart, highly trained, and a capable leader, making her stand out like a 
sore thumb from the other operatives here. Besides having no life as an 
international police specialist, Jennifer enjoys working on cars, and even races 
them on dirt tracks when she has time. 

   She's always fantasized of driving an M1 down the middle of Manhattan during 
rush hour, and lives for that dream to come true someday.



<Char8>
Elena Nesser
Age: 23

   A spoiled child, Elena is equally spoiled as an adult, used to getting her way.
Trouble is, she's about 99% right of the time, and she knows it. She never stays
focused for long on any particular task, having tried as a young teen all kinds of
sports from martial arts to chess, but never stayed interested in any one for long 
before moving on. 

   She has a real problem with authority figures, which makes her joining of the 
Swedish Secret Service right out of high school something of a mystery. She put 
in a few years, learned the tricks of the trade, and moved on to a more lucrative 
field: mercenary work. She had felt trapped in her life before the action the 
Secret Service gave her, looking for a way out. After having thought the world 
had nothing to offer her but fine homes, expensive cars, and phony rich men. 
She's since found that yes, Virginia, there is a blaster clause.



